edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/data/android/InvalidURI.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.data.android.InvalidURI
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/InvalidFilePathLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.InvalidFilePathLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/StringMutator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.StringMutator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/DifferentActivityMutationLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.DifferentActivityMutationLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/HttpsURLHostnameVerifier.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.HttpsURLHostnameVerifier
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/ObjectMutationLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.ObjectMutationLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/BluetoothAdapterAlwaysEnabledLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.BluetoothAdapterAlwaysEnabledLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/ClosingNullCursorLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.ClosingNullCursorLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/ClassHelper.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.ClassHelper
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/IvParameterSpecLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.IvParameterSpecLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/xml/InvalidActivityNameDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.xml.InvalidActivityNameDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/InvalidIDFindViewLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.InvalidIDFindViewLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/IvParameterSpec.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.IvParameterSpec
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/db/general/InvalidIndexQueryParameter.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.db.general.InvalidIndexQueryParameter
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/OOMLargeImageLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.OOMLargeImageLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/LenghtyGUICreationLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.LenghtyGUICreationLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/io/NullStream.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.io.NullStream
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/threading/LengthyGUICreation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.threading.LengthyGUICreation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/code/visitors/MethodCallVO.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.code.visitors.MethodCallVO
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/MutationOperatorFactory.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.MutationOperatorFactory
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/data/general/NullBackEndServiceReturn.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.data.general.NullBackEndServiceReturn
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/NullBluetoothAdapterLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.NullBluetoothAdapterLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/ACryptoMutationOperator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.ACryptoMutationOperator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/InvalidIndexQueryParameterLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.InvalidIndexQueryParameterLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/FindViewByIdReturnsNullLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.FindViewByIdReturnsNullLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/processors/MutationsProcessor.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.processors.MutationsProcessor
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.processors.MutationsProcessor$1
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ASTBasedDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ASTBasedDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/selector/WrongMainActivitySelector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.selector.WrongMainActivitySelector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/NotSerializableLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.NotSerializableLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/ClassMeta.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.ClassMeta
edu/wm/cs/mplus/selector/Selector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.selector.Selector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/MutationOperator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.MutationOperator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/MPlus.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.MPlus
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/IntegerGenerator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.IntegerGenerator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/ArgumentMutationLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.ArgumentMutationLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/NotParcelableLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.NotParcelableLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/ViewComponentNotVisibleLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.ViewComponentNotVisibleLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/activity/NullValueIntentPutExtra.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.activity.NullValueIntentPutExtra
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/RandomIntLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.RandomIntLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/NullStreamLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.NullStreamLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/XMLLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.XMLLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/InvalidURILocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.InvalidURILocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/selector/SelectorLocationFactory.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.selector.SelectorLocationFactory
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/xml/ActivityNotDefinedDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.xml.ActivityNotDefinedDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/activity/InvalidActivityName.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.activity.InvalidActivityName
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/programming/android/WrongStringResource.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.programming.android.WrongStringResource
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/gui/android/InvalidColor.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.gui.android.InvalidColor
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/threading/LengthyGUIListener.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.threading.LengthyGUIListener
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/MutationLocationDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.MutationLocationDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/MessageDigest.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.MessageDigest
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/gui/android/InvalidViewFocus.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.gui.android.InvalidViewFocus
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/HostnameVerifierInstance.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.HostnameVerifierInstance
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/HostnameVerifierLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.HostnameVerifierLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/NullGPSLocationLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.NullGPSLocationLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/gui/android/ViewComponentNotVisible.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.gui.android.ViewComponentNotVisible
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/activity/DifferentActivityIntentDefinition.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.activity.DifferentActivityIntentDefinition
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/data/general/InvalidDate.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.data.general.InvalidDate
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/ImageMutationLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.ImageMutationLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/FileHelper.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.FileHelper
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/activity/ActivityNotDefined.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.activity.ActivityNotDefined
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/ProjectCompiler.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.ProjectCompiler
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/programming/android/SDKVersion.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.programming.android.SDKVersion
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/TrustManagerLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.TrustManagerLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/processors/SourceCodeProcessor.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.processors.SourceCodeProcessor
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/HexadecimalGenerator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.HexadecimalGenerator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/gui/general/BuggyGUIListener.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.gui.general.BuggyGUIListener
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/code/visitors/ASTHelper.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.code.visitors.ASTHelper
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/MutationType.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.MutationType
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/LocatorFactory.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.LocatorFactory
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/ElementLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.ElementLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/xml/InvalidLabelDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.xml.InvalidLabelDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/SSLContextInstance.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.SSLContextInstance
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/ACryptoLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.ACryptoLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/backend/LengthyBackEndService.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.backend.LengthyBackEndService
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/CipherInstanceLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.CipherInstanceLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/NullIntentLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.NullIntentLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/connectivity/BluetoothAdapterAlwaysEnabled.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.connectivity.BluetoothAdapterAlwaysEnabled
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/activity/NullIntent.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.activity.NullIntent
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/image/OOMLargeImage.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.image.OOMLargeImage
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/LongConnectionTimeOutLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.LongConnectionTimeOutLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/SSLContextLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.SSLContextLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/MutationLocationListBuilder.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.MutationLocationListBuilder
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/db/general/InvalidSQLQuery.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.db.general.InvalidSQLQuery
edu/wm/cs/mplus/selector/GeneralRandomSelector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.selector.GeneralRandomSelector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/PlacementChecker.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.PlacementChecker
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/TextBasedDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.TextBasedDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/processors/TextBasedDetectionsProcessor.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.processors.TextBasedDetectionsProcessor
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/NullValueIntentPutExtraLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.NullValueIntentPutExtraLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/MutationLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.MutationLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/code/visitors/MethodDeclarationVO.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.code.visitors.MethodDeclarationVO
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/code/visitors/MethodCallVisitor.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.code.visitors.MethodCallVisitor
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/DummyLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.DummyLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/HttpsURLHostnameVerifierLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.HttpsURLHostnameVerifierLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/StringGenerator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.StringGenerator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/programming/android/MissingPermissionManifest.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.programming.android.MissingPermissionManifest
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/activity/InvalidKeyIntentPutExtra.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.activity.InvalidKeyIntentPutExtra
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/CipherInstance.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.CipherInstance
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/RandomInt.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.RandomInt
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/xml/MissingPermissionDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.xml.MissingPermissionDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/DifferentActivityIntentDefinitionLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.DifferentActivityIntentDefinitionLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/xml/WrongMainActivityDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.xml.WrongMainActivityDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/TrustManagerInstance.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.TrustManagerInstance
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/Locator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.Locator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/TimedMutationLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.TimedMutationLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/data/android/NullGPSLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.data.android.NullGPSLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/activity/WrongMainActivity.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.activity.WrongMainActivity
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/VisibilityMutationLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.VisibilityMutationLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/programming/oo/NotSerializable.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.programming.oo.NotSerializable
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/LengthyBackEndServiceLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.LengthyBackEndServiceLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/gui/android/InvalidIDFindView.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.gui.android.InvalidIDFindView
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/code/visitors/MethodDeclarationVisitor.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.code.visitors.MethodDeclarationVisitor
edu/wm/cs/mplus/helper/TimestampGenerator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.helper.TimestampGenerator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/InvalidKeyIntentPutExtraLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.InvalidKeyIntentPutExtraLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/LenghtyGUIListenerLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.LenghtyGUIListenerLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/crypto/ACryptoMutationAICOperator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.crypto.ACryptoMutationAICOperator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/data/general/NullMethodCallArgument.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.data.general.NullMethodCallArgument
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/connectivity/NullBluetoothAdapter.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.connectivity.NullBluetoothAdapter
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/code/visitors/ClassInstanceVisitor.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.code.visitors.ClassInstanceVisitor
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/activity/InvalidLabel.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.activity.InvalidLabel
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/BuggyGUIListenerLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.BuggyGUIListenerLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/InvalidSQLQueryLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.InvalidSQLQueryLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/io/InvalidFilePath.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.io.InvalidFilePath
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/xml/WrongStringResourceDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.xml.WrongStringResourceDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/programming/android/NotParcelable.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.programming.android.NotParcelable
edu/wm/cs/mplus/processors/SelectorsProcessor.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.processors.SelectorsProcessor
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/CryptoMutationPack.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.CryptoMutationPack
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/InvalidDateLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.InvalidDateLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/xml/InvalidColorDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.xml.InvalidColorDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/MessageDigestLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.MessageDigestLocator
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/backend/LongConnectionTimeOut.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.backend.LongConnectionTimeOut
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/ParcelableMutationLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.ParcelableMutationLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/gui/android/FindViewByIdReturnsNull.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.gui.android.FindViewByIdReturnsNull
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/db/android/ClosingNullCursor.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.db.android.ClosingNullCursor
edu/wm/cs/mplus/model/location/ViewMutationLocation.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.model.location.ViewMutationLocation
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/xml/SDKVersionDetector.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.xml.SDKVersionDetector
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/programming/oo/InvalidMethodCallArgument.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.programming.oo.InvalidMethodCallArgument
edu/wm/cs/mplus/operators/OperatorBundle.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.operators.OperatorBundle
edu/wm/cs/mplus/detectors/ast/locator/NullBackEndServiceReturnLocator.java
 edu.wm.cs.mplus.detectors.ast.locator.NullBackEndServiceReturnLocator
